Improve manual to get binaries from CI (#45325)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/development/build.md

ClickHouse is available in pre-built binaries and packages. Binaries are portable and can be run on any Linux flavour.

> The CI checks build on each commit to [ClickHouse](https://github.com/clickhouse/clickhouse/).  To download the compiled build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CI checks build the binaries on each commit to [ClickHouse](https://github.com/clickhouse/clickhouse/). To download them:
```
